[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by Victoria
Whitney, a doctor of science
and a retired member
of the Department
of Defense, United States Navy.
Today, we are discussing
how ET contacts see us.
Victoria, welcome
to the show again.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: So why do
extraterrestrials
refer to us as Terrans?
>>WHITNEY: Well, we associate
them with geographic location.
So Pleiadians from the Pleiades.
They don't call
themselves Pleiadians.
And actually, if
they looked at us
from where we're
positioned in the cosmos,
they would be calling us
something like Monaserrans.
But instead, what they
do is call us Terrans.
So when they refer
to us all the time,
instead of saying humans,
for the most part,
they'll call us Terrans.
And that's something that's
centuries old for them,
when they use this
as a way station.
And so they would call it
the Terran way station.
And just talked about the humans
that actually lived on it.
Then we became Terrans.
So we never stuck
with that, though.
We don't call ourselves
Earthers, right?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: And we don't
call ourselves Terrans.
And that's their way, though,
of disseminating between where
species are coming from.
And so if you say a Terran,
usually what they'll think
is Earth.
Or they'll think
of Alpha Centauri
because they call
themselves Terrans.
And that's because they consider
themselves actual humans,
like we are.
And so I found it
interesting because they
would refer to us as Terrans.
And for a while
there, it took me--
my brain has to get
assimilated with--
>>EMERY: That's a large group.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
>>EMERY: It's not just us here.
And then, because
we-- we're humans.
And so that's an easier
concept for us to follow.
So like I say, when they first
started calling us Terrans,
it took me a while to,
oh, you're talking to me.
>>EMERY: It's
actually more specific
because of where
we're at in space.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And so like I say,
for them, that's
a way of classifying
the species.
And so, like Pleiadians,
when we were talking to them
in the beginning, of course,
we don't know any better.
I just said Pleiadians.
And then he corrected me.
Zendor said, no, I'm a Uronian.
>>EMERY: An Uronian?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
And I was like,
what does that mean?
And so then he
started explaining,
well, you call us Pleiadeans
because of where we're located.
But that's not what
we call ourselves.
And so it's very much
a learning curve.
And we'll be doing
that from now until who
knows when of trying to learn
their actual species names.
>>EMERY: What are the
equitable laws of the universe?
And why are they important?
>>WHITNEY: So they call
them equitable laws.
We call them universal laws.
They're the same thing.
They believe that they were
handed down from source
so that we could understand
the creative process of things.
It says that it must be
creative and then comprehended
in order for it to
exist and the laws
are the thing that
allow that to happen.
In other words, it allows
something to be created.
It allows us to comprehend it.
And under that
comprehension, then there's
certain laws that
apply in which we
should enact within our lives.
So those laws are
very broad across
many different categories.
>>EMERY: But you mentioned
source, Victoria.
What is that?
>>WHITNEY: So they
believe that there's
an intelligent energy that
they call the universal source.
And that intelligent
energy became self-aware.
And that's what started
the creative process.
So they believe that originally
there was nothing here.
And then when this intelligent
energy became aware of itself,
it created the first universe.
And they believe that that's
how they came into existence.
And looking at
what we've seen, I
think that that's a very
plausible way to look at things,
whether you call
it magic or energy
or whatever the case may be.
But this universal
source is very much
a part of who they are.
They believe that there is
no such thing as other gods.
They say that's
extraterrestrials
that are just playing a part.
And we just name them that.
What they believe is
this intelligent energy,
because it became
self-aware, is really
what is proliferating
in the cosmos.
And they'll point to a
nebula and say, look,
there's a new creation
happening right there.
And very much, we witness it.
>>EMERY: Beautiful.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: How do they define
consciousness and its role
in the universe?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, so
these universal laws,
because they're part of
that creative process,
we are created as well.
And so we should be
following those laws.
And they say, if we
just follow the laws,
we don't need any other laws
because it would prevent us
from doing things that
are harmful to each other.
So they do cover a
wide variety of things.
It talks about abundance
and manifestation.
And the Law of One
is included in that
and the law of catastrophe,
the law of free will.
I mean, it just goes on and on.
There's 42 of them.
But if we lived by
those, we would be
living higher conscious lives.
And that's really important
for them to be aware of that.
So that's applied in
everything that they do.
>>EMERY: Besides the
Book of the Law of One,
which you just
mentioned here on Earth,
are there other books
where a lot of this stuff
has transcended down into?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, they
have the thing that they
call the 105 cosmic laws.
That's applicable to
the third dimension.
So they tell us
that every dimension
has a different set of cosmic
laws because of the properties
of the dimension.
And that makes total sense.
So we have 105 here.
And just covers--
I mean, I couldn't even
begin to relay all of them.
We see them
frequently happening.
But I mean, they're put there
to control the parameters
for the dimension itself.
And this is a very
solid dimension.
So it's going to have a
lot more laws to equate
to that solidifying
factor of what's
happening in this mission.
If we go to another dimension,
we go to the fifth dimension,
it's very much a
light body dimension.
It has a different
set of laws there.
So this is something
that they've
tried to make sure
that we understand,
that just because it says
there's the 105 laws,
that's only applicable to here.
It doesn't apply to
the other dimensions.
So we would have to
learn what those are.
>>EMERY: Are these
laws spiritual
or scientific,
like with physics?
>>WHITNEY: The 105 cosmic
laws are meant to affect both.
So really, do we have physics?
Well, only as far as
we can comprehend.
If you ask them, they say
physics doesn't really apply.
But the laws themselves set
up the properties for that
so that we have an
understanding of what that is.
And likewise, it's
going to affect
the spiritual aspect of it.
What are the properties of
being a spiritual person?
And so those laws are
meant to affect that,
to give us guidelines,
so to speak,
and make sure that we're living
within the confines of that.
What happens when we go out
of the confines of that?
Well, things fall apart.
And so these 105 cosmic
laws were put into place
specifically for
the third dimension
to affect those things.
>>EMERY: Could you give us
an example of a few of these?
>>WHITNEY: In our own context,
here we go, thou shalt not kill.
But under the 105
cosmic laws, there's
a specific law that values life.
And in stating that
it's valuing life,
we would not assume
that you would
take a life because that's not
the way the law is laid out.
So once you start following
the context of what the law is
trying to lay out,
you realize that it's
sort of a whole cycle of how
an entity is brought forth,
constructed, lived its life,
evolved, and then ascends.
And that's the whole
purpose of the laws,
is to give us those guidelines
of how that happens.
So now, we didn't
come in with a book
when we were born that said,
here's how it's going to work.
But at some point, if we
had been cognizant of them
all along, we would have
had those laws up front.
But they've been lost
through our history.
They've told us,
you've lost everything.
And I want to ask him,
well, who lost it?
>>EMERY: Right.
Where did it go?
>>WHITNEY: Right,
where did it go?
>>EMERY: Did it get
buried somewhere?
>>WHITNEY: It's probably
sitting in some vault
somewhere, for all we know.
But the thing is that they
say if you were aware of this,
you would have had
more understanding
outside of the planet
of what's happening
and more understanding of what's
happening on our planet itself.
So these laws become
very important to us.
And we're coming
through them now.
I don't remember all of them.
I mean, I have a hard
time remembering 10.
So 105 is going to be a lot.
But what they're
trying to say is
that once we learn
these laws, we'll
understand how things work.
And we'll have a
better understanding
of where the planet's going.
>>EMERY: How did they
compare nonhuman intelligence
with their own intelligence?
>>WHITNEY: So we're
not very intelligent.
I know we think we are.
But we're not.
If you spend 10 minutes
with one of them,
you're going to realize that
you are not on the same scale.
But what's intelligence?
I mean, they've asked
us that question before.
Do we understand the
definition of intelligence?
And of course, I can go to the
dictionary and look it up, yes.
But that's not how they
define intelligence.
And so some of them--
I've talked about the
Andromedans feeling
like they have a
superiority over us.
But you have to remember that
a lot of their intelligence
is programmed into them.
So they're given aspects
that we clearly have not even
defined yet.
And really, is that the
summation of what intelligence
is?
That would be hard to say.
But they are very much
more intelligent than us
because they've been exposed
to more, because they've
seen other processes,
because they understand it
from a totally different
aspect than we possibly can.
I mean, we can't
even explain half
of what's happening on this
planet most of the time.
So if you want to equate
intelligence to that,
yes, they are going to be far
more intelligent than we are.
But then if we
define intelligence
as the ability to
perceive something
and conclude it as
being something,
then I think that
we're well on our way
to that because our
observations are very
good about what we observe.
That doesn't mean that we
understand what's happening.
But it means that
our observations.
And that's really-- remember,
we talk about creation
and comprehension.
That comprehension piece
is so important for us.
>>EMERY: Like you
said earlier, that's
where the knowledge comes
in because with all that.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
Exactly.
When we can comprehend it,
we can make so much better
use of how it's going
to affect our life
and where we're going to go.
So intelligence is
relative to the species
that you're talking to.
What I found
interesting is they were
willing to continue
to converse with us.
And at one point,
Zendor said to me,
you have far more intelligence
than we gave you credit for.
That's a wonderful thing.
I'm not sure exactly
what scale that's on yet.
But I would rather
have them recognize
that about us than to
say, I wasted my time.
>>EMERY: Well, they're
talking to you specifically--
>>WHITNEY: To me specifically.
>>EMERY: --or to the human race?
>>WHITNEY: Because I
would make observations.
They're doing a lot of science
while they're doing it.
And we help them
with their project.
And of course, I have
a science background.
So I was able to
understand a lot
of what they were trying to do.
And so they gave us credit
as a species because we
have far more intelligence.
And I think that's a
wonderful thing, is
to we fooled them, so to speak.
>>EMERY: How do
they differentiate
between mindful and
mindless humans?
>>WHITNEY: Oh, yeah,
that's a huge one.
>>EMERY: What's the difference?
>>WHITNEY: So we talk about
this all the time in our group.
People get behind a
vehicle that is dangerous,
can do a lot of damage.
And yet, they will not
be mindful of a red
light or mindful of a stop sign.
They'll just drive right
through it or whatever.
And that's that loss--
they look at it and say it's
a loss of conscious awareness.
>>EMERY: I like that.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
So if you're mindless, you have
this loss of conscious awareness
around you.
People that are awakening
are more mindful
because that
conscious awareness is
at the forefront of everything
that they're seeing.
And that becomes very much a
parameter for them to look at.
And they say to us, your
mindfulness is only at 0.002%
across your population,
which is nothing.
And so they say you need to
wake up to become more mindful.
Otherwise, you will
begin to transcend
into that mindless realm.
And like I say, we
begin to look at it
and say, oh, we can
witness that happening.
>>EMERY: So what do they
tell you about, let's say,
the whole sphere of
the planet Earth,
of mindful people
and mindless people?
Is the mindful people going
to take over that energy?
>>WHITNEY: Well, here's
an interesting way
in which they look at it.
They said if we suddenly
had a huge awareness
and half of the planet
woke up and that
increased the intensity of
the frequency of the planet,
that we would just move this
planet into a whole new era
of what it's supposed to be
a much more mindful planet.
But they said that's
not going to happen
because what happens is
those frequencies, even
though a higher frequency will
take over a lower frequency,
there isn't a high
enough or collectively
a large enough
bandwidth of that.
Let's envision that
all of this energetic
influences in a much higher,
bigger realm of things.
So we'll talk about
a matrix of energy.
And so every thought,
every word, every deed
influences that
energetic matrix.
Likewise, the
mindless, everything
they think, act,
do, and say are also
being an influence in
that energetic matrix.
So how do you calculate
the balance of that?
Because we're talking
about not just our species.
We're talking about every
species in the universe
affecting that.
>>EMERY: And the planets too.
>>WHITNEY: All the
planets, everything,
everything that's energetic.
And since everything is energy,
it's all affecting this matrix.
And so it would be really hard
to say that one influence is
outweighing another
influence because they're
in the matrix of energy.
There's no way to
calculate what that is.
I mean, this is the
normal way energy works.
It's always seeking equilibrium.
It's always seeking a balance.
So if you have two entities
that are opposed, somewhere
in between, there is a balance.
It doesn't make either
one right or wrong.
There's just a balance
somewhere in between.
So on a grander scale, that's
what the universe is doing,
is it's seeking that
balance and things.
So are we going to see
one outweigh the other?
Well, that would be hard to
calculate because now we're
talking, what's going to
outweigh an entire planet?
Another planet the
same size over here?
It doesn't work that way.
So we would have a real hard
time of understanding that.
And they look at it and
say-- that's why they always
come back and say, you need
to learn to be balanced.
You need to find the
centeredness of everything.
It's merely an energy.
But how much energy are
we putting into something?
And that's really what we
see on the planet right now,
is that we have certain energies
that are driving things.
And so they're very apparent.
We have good energies that are
trying to drive things as well.
But when we look at
the number of energies
that are driving something
vice the number of energies
that are trying to correct
that, there's no balance there.
>>EMERY: Which is
constantly changing.
>>WHITNEY: Right,
exactly, exactly.
And so it isn't
easy to say that one
will outweigh the other
because that's not
the way that energies work.
They're looking for the
equilibrium and the balance.
>>EMERY: Right.
That's a great definition.
>>WHITNEY: And that means--
right.
And whatever's inputting that
has to have that understanding.
>>EMERY: What is their
opinion on Earth's systems
of government and
their leadership?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they don't find
our governments very impressive.
>>EMERY: I wouldn't think so.
>>WHITNEY: And
honestly, they've said
throughout the course
of our history,
they've interacted with
different governments
on this planet.
So they have an understanding
of what that is.
And it was funny
because we were having
a conversation about democracy.
And they said, that's
a terrible word.
And I said, well, we use
it as an explanation.
And they said, it's
still a terrible word
because it's a fallacy.
And they said
governments are going
to do what governments do based
on their own private agendas.
Well, that's a true statement.
I can agree with that any day.
I said, what we're hoping is
that our form of government
would be of the
people, by the people
because we have a sheet
of paper that says that.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: And they
just shake their head.
And they said, but you
don't operate that way.
And they say, here's the
problem with government.
It's exploitive.
That's a huge word, that
it exploits its own people.
So what you say to them--
well, what do you mean by that?
And they say, well, you
traffic human beings.
That's a true statement.
I can't argue that one.
You make more money
off of guns and drugs
than you do anything
else on the planet.
And they say that's your
government representatives.
And I know that if I were
to say that to our senators,
they would deny it.
But the thing is is we're
talking about the system.
We're not talking
about the individual.
And that's really the
way that they view us,
is that our governments
are not working
for the benefit of the planet.
They're working for certain
agendas, for certain--
they call them elites.
They're very forward
thinking about how they
view the structure of things.
And they say they're working
for the agenda of the elites.
And those elites are
dealing with other entities
that are not from here.
>>EMERY: I agree with that.
>>WHITNEY: Right, I do too.
And so it's sort
of disheartening
for an outside entity
to come in and say,
this is what's wrong
with your system.
>>EMERY: Who are these other
influential extraterrestrials
on our governments?
>>WHITNEY: We have the
Draconian presence.
And working for them are
several Reptoid species.
And they say that they send
them here to make sure that
"operations" are going the
way they're supposed to go.
And what I would say when
somebody says operations,
you know that has meaning to
me, that they've infiltrated
and that they have an agenda
that they're carrying through.
But those are the two main
characters that we're seeing.
Now, we have these
Serpents that we
understand to have allied
with the Draconians.
And you got to remember that
these two entities have always
been enemies.
>>EMERY: Yeah, they
can't stand each other.
>>WHITNEY: They can't
stand each other, right.
But there has to
be something that
has caused them to say, wait,
we'll put aside our differences
and come together.
There's something far greater
to be gained from this.
So this is what's happened,
is they've allied themselves.
And of course, the Serpents
have brought a lot of technology
that Draconians had
not been exposed
to yet using dark matter.
And it's creating new
weapons, things like that.
So this would be something
that the universe is not really
seen up to this point.
So there's some advantage that
it's occurring between that.
So does that mean
that we're going
to start getting an influence
from the Serpents here?
We had it before in our history
because we talk about the Nagas.
So there were Serpents here.
What happened to them?
Clearly, somebody
decided they needed
to go because of
their influence.
And so here we are.
We've had the
Draconians influencing
the elites that are here.
We have Reptoids that are
working for the Draconians
to further work
through that influence.
And now, we're going to
add Serpents to that.
And so I don't know
where that's going to go.
I just rely on
what they tell us.
And they're saying that
no good will come of this.
So at some point, are all the
governments laced with this?
This is huge for us.
And this isn't the first time
this happened in history.
>>EMERY: That's right.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
I mean, if you want
to control something,
there's only several different
ways you can do that.
And that's either from
the top down, which
means they have to be
infiltrated in the government,
or you do it from a
biological aspect,
which means that they would
affect water sources and food
sources.
Without those things,
we're nothing.
So you want to
control something.
There's only a couple
of different ways
in which they would do that.
But right now, what
they've done is they've
infiltrated governments.
They're putting
policies in place
that suit them, not suit us.
And so, ultimately,
they have a plan.
And everybody says,
well, what's that plan?
And you're going to hear a
variety of different things.
People will say, oh,
it's the new world order.
But I think it's many things.
I don't think it's just that.
I think that, given
what the rest of greater
cosmic communities have talked
about happening in the cosmos,
I think there's many
different things at work here.
I think it's a matter
of having to change.
They don't want that higher
consciousness out there.
They want enslavement.
So what's got to go?
>>EMERY: It's a control factor.
>>WHITNEY: It's a
control factor, right.
They want all the resources
that are on the planets.
So those become very specific
things that they're after.
And we're in the way.
>>EMERY: We are, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: Well, you
mentioned the Pleiadians
and the Orions are watching
us and kind of in a way
helping us, looking after us.
How do they feel about
this other threat?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
it's interesting.
Remember, they're
non-interventionists.
That's not what they want to be.
If they knew that they
could come and make
a difference without
causing a larger problem,
I think that they would
have done that already.
I think what they think is
that if we can undermine--
because basically that's
what they're doing,
is undermining the process.
They're coming in
and telepathically
reaching out to
people and causing
them to consider things
and become more aware.
And so what I think
they're looking at
is that strength in
numbers, that we will begin
to come together as a planet.
And we will begin to
say, wait a minute,
something else is going on
here, and stand up against it.
I think it's a
subtle difference.
But I think because
they can't just
come in and knock the door down
because there's consequences
for it at a greater level.
Remember, they have
to maintain peace
for many, many civilizations out
there through the Federation.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>WHITNEY: And so does
that put them all at risk?
Yes.
And so we're one
planet against many.
>>EMERY: Can they interact with
the Dracos behind the scenes
that we don't know about?
>>WHITNEY: Well, and
they do to a degree.
I mean, they have
fleet services.
And here, we have this--
they've told us there's
a big cruiser sitting out
behind our moon that's
protecting our backs.
So what does that mean?
They're just going to watch
them come in and do something?
No, if need be, they
will interact with them.
But the problem is is that
they also have these--
the Dracos will do something
totally unexpected.
And that becomes the problem.
They've witnessed that
over and over again.
And so they don't want to put
whole civilizations at risk
if they don't have to.
So you're playing that
long-term game right now
of trying to placate and
yet undermine over here.
And so it's really a strategy
that's being played out.
I had a three week period where
I didn't hear from Wikmua.
Of course, I'm concerned
because he's been in my ear
every single day.
And suddenly, another
Pleiadian came
and said he has been
taken by the Draconians
because they knew that
he was playing this game.
And so, fortunately, he
was rescued from that.
But they're willing
to do anything
as long as they can keep
their agenda at play.
And so here's these conclaves.
That's not what
they're here for.
They're here to do studies,
learn about the planet
or whatever the case may be.
They're also trying to insert
these awarenesses in there.
And so it isn't just us that
they inserted an awareness
into when they came here.
I mean, this is
going out globally.
But it's like everything else--
is somebody paying attention
and hearing the message?
And what I hope is that
people watching this,
they'll start going,
oh, wait a minute.
I'm already aware because
I'm watching these episodes.
>>EMERY: That's right.
>>WHITNEY: And so I should
start paying more attention
to what's coming through.
Those aren't just random
thoughts coming in.
These are things that
they're supplanting
by telepathy into our minds so
that we will become more aware.
So what I hope is
that people will start
paying more attention to that.
What can I do?
Well, just by your energy
alone, adding to that
increases that awareness.
And that's really the
undermining effect,
is that when suddenly you wake
up and you started out with two
people and all of a
sudden it's 10,000 people.
That's really what starts
undermining those agendas that
are happening.
And they begin to
see what's happening.
We just saw a news article where
laws were beginning to change.
>>EMERY: Right, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: And it is
that undermining effect
that has everything to do
with making that happen.
So like I say, here's
your opportunity.
You're already
watching the episodes.
So the awareness is there,
higher consciousness.
You just need to take
it to the next step
and start becoming aware that
they are trying-- especially
the Arcturians, they are trying
to telepathically get through
to us and say, this is
what you need to do.
This is the way
you need to think.
This is the next step.
>>EMERY: In light of
what you just described,
what is the potential
of humanity right now?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
that's the one thing
each of the members
of the conclave said,
is that we have
so much potential
that we're not aware of.
And I think that's
a wonderful thing.
But the thing is is
that we're just now
becoming aware of
those different things.
And so what they're hoping
is that-- here's the thing.
You can learn something
really fast and then
forget it tomorrow.
What they're hoping
is that we learn it
and then we start to become it.
Because then once we
become it, we own it.
And that's really
what they're saying,
is that you have all
the abilities to be just
like us and more.
But we have to put the work in.
And that's the problem,
is that a lot of people
don't want to put the work in.
They don't want to
change themselves.
They're happy with
the way they are know.
But that's a physical
existence here.
That isn't part of that
greater cosmic community.
And so what we need
them to realize
is that take that potential.
Work towards something higher.
Become a better--
>>EMERY: Take a
conscious effort--
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
>>EMERY: --to be more
aware and change.
>>WHITNEY: Right, become a more
enlightened, better version
of yourself.
And so where do I think
we're going to be?
I think that we're intelligent
enough to come together.
That's the whole
purpose that we've
done with Commonwealth,
to say we have
to unite humanity together.
We have to realize that there's
something more happening.
We have to become part of
that greater cosmic community.
We have to start
learning that there's
a knowledge that-- it should
be shared by all of us,
not just the select few.
We have to understand
that technology
needs to be shared by all
of us, not the select few,
and that we need to
change the way in which we
deal with each other.
Because what's going to happen
when you're standing there
and you see another species
that doesn't look like us?
How are we going to react?
We have to quit letting
fear and paranoia drive us.
And so that's really a
lot of that potential
that we need to learn now, is,
how are we going to do that?
And we need to come together.
And we need to start
talking about it.
So where do I think
we're going to go?
I think we're going to
have a huge awakening.
I think that people
are going to realize
that we do need to get back into
the greater cosmic communities.
We need to get back
to our lineages.
We need to have a huge
educational awakening in itself
because this is going to be
all new territory for us.
And I think that,
really, once we
realize that, we're going
to be a much better species.
>>EMERY: Right.
Beautiful, Victoria.
And I really love what
you're doing out there.
>>WHITNEY: Oh, thanks.
>>EMERY: I want to thank
you for being on the show.
>>WHITNEY: Well, I appreciate
you having me here again.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]